README.md, before:

## EventGrid Webhooks using .NET Aspire

The code in this repository shows publish and subscribe to events using event grid in .NET Aspire. The code is made up of 2 applications, [EventGridDemo.Publisher](/EventGridDemo.Publisher) and [EventGridDemo.Api](/EventGridDemo.Api). The publisher application publishes events to the event grid topic, and the API application listens for events from the event grid topic.


The  `/hook`  endpoint is used for validating the webhook. When Event Grid creates a new subscription, it sends a validation event to the webhook. The validation event contains a  validationCode  property. The application reads the  validationCode  from the first event and returns it as a response. 

The [AppHost](/EventGridDemo.AppHost/) projects creates the eventgrid topic, web hook subscription, sets up the role assignment and orchestrates the deployment of the publisher and api.

### Deployment

Event grid subscriptions require the endpoint to be live. In order to get the application deployed, there must be a 2 step deployment process. This application has uses a [bootstrapper container](https://hub.docker.com/r/davidfowl/eventgridwebhookbootstrap) and 
 [a bootstrap container app](/EventGridDemo.AppHost/eventgridwebhookbootstrap.bicep) to deploy the application. The bootstrap container is configured in [main.bicep](/EventGridDemo.AppHost/infra/main.bicep#36), which is auto-generated by using `azd infra synth`.

See https://github.com/Azure/azure-dev/issues/3931 for more details.

### Known Issues

1. **Local development** - The application is not able to receive events from the Event Grid service when running locally. The application needs to be deployed to a public endpoint to receive events from the Event Grid service. Future efforts will work around this issue by setting up dev tunnels or using ngrok to expose the local endpoint to the public.

Commit message:

Build bootstrap resource into addeventgridwebhook

README.md, after:

## EventGrid Webhooks using .NET Aspire

The code in this repository shows publish and subscribe to events using event grid in .NET Aspire. The code is made up of 2 applications, [EventGridDemo.Publisher](/EventGridDemo.Publisher) and [EventGridDemo.Api](/EventGridDemo.Api). The publisher application publishes events to the event grid topic, and the API application listens for events from the event grid topic.


The  `/hook`  endpoint is used for validating the webhook. When Event Grid creates a new subscription, it sends a validation event to the webhook. The validation event contains a  validationCode  property. The application reads the  validationCode  from the first event and returns it as a response. 

The [AppHost](/EventGridDemo.AppHost/) projects creates the eventgrid topic, web hook subscription, sets up the role assignment and orchestrates the deployment of the publisher and api.

### Deployment

Event grid subscriptions require the endpoint to be live. In order to get the application deployed, there must be a 2 step deployment process. This application has uses a [bootstrapper container](https://hub.docker.com/r/davidfowl/eventgridwebhookbootstrap) and 
 [a bootstrap container app](/EventGridDemo.AppHost/eventgridwebhookbootstrap.bicep) to deploy the application. The bootstrap container is configured automagically by the event grid resource. This relies on a newer version of azd see https://github.com/Azure/azure-dev/issues/3931 for more details.

### Known Issues

1. **Local development** - The application is not able to receive events from the Event Grid service when running locally. The application needs to be deployed to a public endpoint to receive events from the Event Grid service. Future efforts will work around this issue by setting up dev tunnels or using ngrok to expose the local endpoint to the public.
